<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 3.2//EN">
<HTML>
  <HEAD>
     <title>The users May 2009 Archive by date</title>
     <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="noindex,follow">
     <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
  </HEAD>
  <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
      <a name="start"></A>
      <h1>May 2009 Archives by date</h1>
      <ul>
         <li> <b>Messages sorted by:</b>
	        <a href="thread.html#start">[ thread ]</a>
		<a href="subject.html#start">[ subject ]</a>
		<a href="author.html#start">[ author ]</a>
		

	     <li><b><a href="http://lists.repoforge.org/mailman/listinfo/users">More info on this list...
                    </a></b></li>
      </ul>
      <p><b>Starting:</b> <i>Fri May  1 20:59:20 CEST 2009</i><br>
         <b>Ending:</b> <i>Sun May 31 15:02:14 CEST 2009</i><br>
         <b>Messages:</b> 134<p>
     <ul>

<LI><A HREF="027055.html">[users] CentOS 5.3 fuse missing dependency on dkms-fuse
</A><A NAME="27055">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Phil Schaffner
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027056.html">[users] CentOS 5.3 fuse missing dependency on dkms-fuse
</A><A NAME="27056">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dag Wieers
</I>

<LI><A HREF="023799.html">[suggest] subversion tools not built
</A><A NAME="23799">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Matthew Saltzman
</I>

<LI><A HREF="023800.html">[suggest] Re: suggest Digest, Vol 47, Issue 1
</A><A NAME="23800">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nico Kadel-Garcia
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027057.html">[users] kmod modules for fuse and kqemu
</A><A NAME="27057">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dag Wieers
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027058.html">[users] gscan2pdf missing dependency perl(forks) &gt;= 0.33
</A><A NAME="27058">&nbsp;</A>
<I>John Thomas
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027059.html">[users] gscan2pdf missing dependency perl(forks) &gt;= 0.33
</A><A NAME="27059">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dag Wieers
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027060.html">[users] Amavis-new
</A><A NAME="27060">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dean Takemori
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027061.html">[users] Re: [packagers] kmod modules for fuse and kqemu
</A><A NAME="27061">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dag Wieers
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027062.html">[users] Re: [packagers] kmod modules for fuse and kqemu
</A><A NAME="27062">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Fabian Arrotin
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027063.html">[users] Re: [packagers] kmod modules for fuse and kqemu
</A><A NAME="27063">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dag Wieers
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027064.html">[users] kmod modules for fuse and kqemu
</A><A NAME="27064">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nicolas Thierry-Mieg
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027065.html">[users] kmod modules for fuse and kqemu
</A><A NAME="27065">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ralph Angenendt
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027066.html">[users] kmod modules for fuse and kqemu
</A><A NAME="27066">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nicolas Thierry-Mieg
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027067.html">[users] Really 3 kernels needed for new kmod-fuse?
</A><A NAME="27067">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Olaf Mueller
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027068.html">[users] Really 3 kernels needed for new kmod-fuse?
</A><A NAME="27068">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nicolas Thierry-Mieg
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027069.html">[users] Really 3 kernels needed for new kmod-fuse?
</A><A NAME="27069">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Olaf Mueller
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027070.html">[users] Really 3 kernels needed for new kmod-fuse?
</A><A NAME="27070">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dag Wieers
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027071.html">[users] Really 3 kernels needed for new kmod-fuse?
</A><A NAME="27071">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nicolas Thierry-Mieg
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027072.html">[users] Really 3 kernels needed for new kmod-fuse?
</A><A NAME="27072">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Robert Moskowitz
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027074.html">[users] Really 3 kernels needed for new kmod-fuse?
</A><A NAME="27074">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nicolas Thierry-Mieg
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027073.html">[users] Really 3 kernels needed for new kmod-fuse?
</A><A NAME="27073">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nicolas Thierry-Mieg
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027075.html">[users] Really 3 kernels needed for new kmod-fuse?
</A><A NAME="27075">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dag Wieers
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027076.html">[users] Really 3 kernels needed for new kmod-fuse?
</A><A NAME="27076">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dag Wieers
</I>

<LI><A HREF="023801.html">[suggest] RFE: subversion 1.6.1?
</A><A NAME="23801">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Aleksey Nogin
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027077.html">[users] Really 3 kernels needed for new kmod-fuse?
</A><A NAME="27077">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Robert Moskowitz
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027078.html">[users] Really 3 kernels needed for new kmod-fuse?
</A><A NAME="27078">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Filipe Brandenburger
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027079.html">[users] rkhunter
</A><A NAME="27079">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kirys
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027080.html">[users] rkhunter
</A><A NAME="27080">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Christoph Maser
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027081.html">[users] duplicity RPM misses dependency
</A><A NAME="27081">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Boris Folgmann
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027082.html">[users] Re: duplicity RPM misses dependency
</A><A NAME="27082">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Boris Folgmann
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027083.html">[users] subversion 1.5 for EL4 and EL5?
</A><A NAME="27083">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Christoph Maser
</I>

<LI><A HREF="023802.html">[suggest] subversion tools not built
</A><A NAME="23802">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Christoph Maser
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027084.html">[users] subversion 1.5 for EL4 and EL5?
</A><A NAME="27084">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Yury V. Zaytsev
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027085.html">[users] subversion 1.5 for EL4 and EL5?
</A><A NAME="27085">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Christoph Maser
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027086.html">[users] Amavis-new
</A><A NAME="27086">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Christoph Maser
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027087.html">[users] subversion 1.5 for EL4 and EL5?
</A><A NAME="27087">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Greg Bailey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="023803.html">[suggest] Subversion 1.6.x compilation issues
</A><A NAME="23803">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nico Kadel-Garcia
</I>

<LI><A HREF="023804.html">[suggest] updated nvidia-x11-drv spec
</A><A NAME="23804">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Steve Huff
</I>

<LI><A HREF="023805.html">[suggest] mod_xsendfile
</A><A NAME="23805">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Amos Shapira
</I>

<LI><A HREF="023806.html">[suggest] mod_xsendfile
</A><A NAME="23806">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Serdar Bulut
</I>

<LI><A HREF="023807.html">[suggest] Subversion 1.6.2 is out, I'm working on .spec file
</A><A NAME="23807">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nico Kadel-Garcia
</I>

<LI><A HREF="023808.html">[suggest] Subversion 1.6.2 is out, I'm working on .spec file
</A><A NAME="23808">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Christoph Maser
</I>

<LI><A HREF="023809.html">[suggest] Subversion 1.6.2 .spec and patch files
</A><A NAME="23809">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nico Kadel-Garcia
</I>

<LI><A HREF="023810.html">[suggest] Subversion 1.6.2 .spec and patch files
</A><A NAME="23810">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Greg Bailey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="023811.html">[suggest] Subversion 1.6.2 .spec and patch files
</A><A NAME="23811">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Christoph Maser
</I>

<LI><A HREF="023812.html">[suggest] Subversion 1.6.2 .spec and patch files
</A><A NAME="23812">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Christoph Maser
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027088.html">[users] subversion 1.6
</A><A NAME="27088">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Christoph Maser
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027089.html">[users] subversion 1.5 for EL4 and EL5?
</A><A NAME="27089">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Christoph Maser
</I>

<LI><A HREF="023814.html">[suggest] mod_suphp rpm problem - unquoted parameters in	/etc/suphp.conf
</A><A NAME="23814">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Vladislav Rastrusny
</I>

<LI><A HREF="023815.html">[suggest] Subversion 1.6.2 .spec and patch files
</A><A NAME="23815">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nico Kadel-Garcia
</I>

<LI><A HREF="023816.html">[suggest] Subversion 1.6.2 .spec and patch files
</A><A NAME="23816">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Greg Bailey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="023817.html">[suggest] mod_xsendfile
</A><A NAME="23817">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dag Wieers
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027090.html">[users] Request Perl Data::AMF
</A><A NAME="27090">&nbsp;</A>
<I>John Thomas
</I>

<LI><A HREF="023818.html">[suggest] Subversion 1.6.2 .spec and patch files
</A><A NAME="23818">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nico Kadel-Garcia
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027091.html">[users] subversion 1.5 for EL4 and EL5?
</A><A NAME="27091">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Greg Bailey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027092.html">[users] subversion 1.5 for EL4 and EL5?
</A><A NAME="27092">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Christoph Maser
</I>

<LI><A HREF="023819.html">[suggest] Subversion 1.6.2 .spec and patch files
</A><A NAME="23819">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Christoph Maser
</I>

<LI><A HREF="023820.html">[suggest] Re: suggest Digest, Vol 47, Issue 9
</A><A NAME="23820">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nico Kadel-Garcia
</I>

<LI><A HREF="023821.html">[suggest] Re: suggest Digest, Vol 47, Issue 9
</A><A NAME="23821">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Christoph Maser
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027093.html">[users] Request Perl Data::AMF
</A><A NAME="27093">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Christoph Maser
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027094.html">[users] subversion 1.6 for EL4
</A><A NAME="27094">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Greg Bailey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="023822.html">[suggest] Perl module request due to latest DBIx::Class release
</A><A NAME="23822">&nbsp;</A>
<I>David Steinbrunner
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027095.html">[users] Patches for gnash x86_64 and Mozilla plug-in
</A><A NAME="27095">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Filipe Brandenburger
</I>

<LI><A HREF="023823.html">[suggest] Subversion 1.6.2 fo r RPMforge comments.
</A><A NAME="23823">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nico Kadel-Garcia
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027096.html">[users] subversion upgrades broken on RHEL5 x86_64
</A><A NAME="27096">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dave Miller
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027097.html">[users] Update request: sarg 2.2.5
</A><A NAME="27097">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kanwar Ranbir Sandhu
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027098.html">[users] Update request: sarg 2.2.5
</A><A NAME="27098">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Christoph Maser
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027099.html">[users] Proftpd 1.3.2 final
</A><A NAME="27099">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Geert Janssens
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027100.html">AW: [users] Proftpd 1.3.2 final
</A><A NAME="27100">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Geert Janssens
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027101.html">AW: [users] Proftpd 1.3.2 final
</A><A NAME="27101">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Filipe Brandenburger
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027102.html">[users] Update request: sarg 2.2.5
</A><A NAME="27102">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Christoph Maser
</I>

<LI><A HREF="023824.html">[suggest] Please add perl-Term-ReadLine-Perl, .spec attached
</A><A NAME="23824">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nico Kadel-Garcia
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027103.html">AW: [users] Proftpd 1.3.2 final
</A><A NAME="27103">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Geert Janssens
</I>

<LI><A HREF="023825.html">[suggest] Fwd: mod_suphp rpm problem - unquoted parameters in	/etc/suphp.conf
</A><A NAME="23825">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Vladislav Rastrusny
</I>

<LI><A HREF="023826.html">[suggest] Perl module request due to latest DBIx::Class release
</A><A NAME="23826">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Christoph Maser
</I>

<LI><A HREF="023827.html">[suggest] Perl module request due to latest DBIx::Class release
</A><A NAME="23827">&nbsp;</A>
<I>David Steinbrunner
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027104.html">[users] audacity has depsolving problems
</A><A NAME="27104">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Olaf Mueller
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027105.html">[users] audacity has depsolving problems
</A><A NAME="27105">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nicolas Thierry-Mieg
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027106.html">[users] Request to have &quot;viewvc&quot; package updated to 1.1.0
</A><A NAME="27106">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Reed Loden
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027107.html">[users] Request Perl Data::AMF
</A><A NAME="27107">&nbsp;</A>
<I>John Thomas
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027108.html">[users] Request Perl Data::AMF
</A><A NAME="27108">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dag Wieers
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027111.html">[users] Request Perl Data::AMF
</A><A NAME="27111">&nbsp;</A>
<I>John Thomas
</I>

<LI><A HREF="023828.html">[suggest] Monit 5.0.2 is out, maybe fixes bug in current RF package
</A><A NAME="23828">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Amos Shapira
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027112.html">[users] Request Perl Data::AMF
</A><A NAME="27112">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Christoph Maser
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027113.html">[users] Request Perl Data::AMF
</A><A NAME="27113">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dag Wieers
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027114.html">[users] Request to have &quot;viewvc&quot; package updated to 1.1.0
</A><A NAME="27114">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Christoph Maser
</I>

<LI><A HREF="023829.html">[suggest] Perl module updates
</A><A NAME="23829">&nbsp;</A>
<I>David Steinbrunner
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027115.html">[users] Request Perl Data::AMF
</A><A NAME="27115">&nbsp;</A>
<I>David Steinbrunner
</I>

<LI><A HREF="023830.html">[suggest] Perl module updates
</A><A NAME="23830">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Christoph Maser
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027116.html">[users] Requests: P5NCL
</A><A NAME="27116">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dean Takemori
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027117.html">[users] Nagios IPv6 support broken in plugins?	(nagios-plugins-1.4.13-1.el5.rf)
</A><A NAME="27117">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Hugo van der Kooij
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027118.html">[users] Requests: P5NCL
</A><A NAME="27118">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dries Verachtert
</I>

<LI><A HREF="023831.html">[suggest] GPU driver question.
</A><A NAME="23831">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Jason
</I>

<LI><A HREF="023832.html">[suggest] Re: Unable to find a specific package.
</A><A NAME="23832">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Jason
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027119.html">[users] Requests: P5NCL
</A><A NAME="27119">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dean Takemori
</I>

<LI><A HREF="023833.html">[suggest] GPU driver question.
</A><A NAME="23833">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dag Wieers
</I>

<LI><A HREF="023834.html">[suggest] Re: Unable to find a specific package.
</A><A NAME="23834">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dag Wieers
</I>

<LI><A HREF="023835.html">[suggest] Re: suggest Digest, Vol 47, Issue 17
</A><A NAME="23835">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nico Kadel-Garcia
</I>

<LI><A HREF="023836.html">[suggest] GPU driver question.
</A><A NAME="23836">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Steve Huff
</I>

<LI><A HREF="023837.html">[suggest] GPU driver test.
</A><A NAME="23837">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Jason
</I>

<LI><A HREF="023838.html">[suggest] Re: GPU driver test.
</A><A NAME="23838">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dag Wieers
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027120.html">[users] Nagios IPv6 support broken in plugins?	(nagios-plugins-1.4.13-1.el5.rf)
</A><A NAME="27120">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Christoph Maser
</I>

<LI><A HREF="023839.html">[suggest] GPU driver test.
</A><A NAME="23839">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sorin Srbu
</I>

<LI><A HREF="023840.html">[suggest] GPU driver test.
</A><A NAME="23840">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dag Wieers
</I>

<LI><A HREF="023841.html">[suggest] GPU driver test.
</A><A NAME="23841">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Jason
</I>

<LI><A HREF="023842.html">[suggest] GPU driver test.
</A><A NAME="23842">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dag Wieers
</I>

<LI><A HREF="023843.html">[suggest] GPU driver test.
</A><A NAME="23843">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Jason
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027121.html">[users] nvidia 180.51-1 drivers
</A><A NAME="27121">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nicolas Thierry-Mieg
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027122.html">[users] nvidia 180.51-1 drivers
</A><A NAME="27122">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dag Wieers
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027123.html">[users] nvidia 180.51-1 drivers
</A><A NAME="27123">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nicolas Thierry-Mieg
</I>

<LI><A HREF="023844.html">[suggest] subversion-javahl
</A><A NAME="23844">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike T
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027124.html">[users] Nagios IPv6 support broken in plugins?	(nagios-plugins-1.4.13-1.el5.rf)
</A><A NAME="27124">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Christoph Maser
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027125.html">[users] Munin update
</A><A NAME="27125">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Se&#225;n O Sullivan
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027126.html">[users] Munin update - now producing errors
</A><A NAME="27126">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Daniel Bird
</I>

<LI><A HREF="023845.html">[suggest] Perl module updates
</A><A NAME="23845">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Christoph Maser
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027127.html">[users] Munin update - now producing errors
</A><A NAME="27127">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Steve Huff
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027128.html">[users] Munin update - now producing errors
</A><A NAME="27128">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stanis Trendelenburg
</I>

<LI><A HREF="023846.html">[suggest] Munin requires /bin/mail (mailx)
</A><A NAME="23846">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Simon Males
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027129.html">[users] Re: Munin update - now producing errors
</A><A NAME="27129">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Daniel Bird
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027130.html">[users] Munin update - now producing errors
</A><A NAME="27130">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Christoph Maser
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027131.html">[users] mrepo problem
</A><A NAME="27131">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Andy Kannberg
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027132.html">[users] Re: mrepo problem
</A><A NAME="27132">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Andy Kannberg
</I>

<LI><A HREF="027133.html">[users] Request GSL
</A><A NAME="27133">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dean Takemori
</I>

<LI><A HREF="023847.html">[suggest] Perl module updates
</A><A NAME="23847">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Christoph Maser
</I>

<LI><A HREF="023848.html">[suggest] Re: Perl module request due to latest DBIx::Class release
</A><A NAME="23848">&nbsp;</A>
<I>David Steinbrunner
</I>

<LI><A HREF="023849.html">[suggest] Possible bug in latest perl-DBD-SQLite package
</A><A NAME="23849">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kai Schaetzl
</I>

<LI><A HREF="023850.html">[suggest] Possible bug in latest perl-DBD-SQLite package
</A><A NAME="23850">&nbsp;</A>
<I>David Steinbrunner
</I>

<LI><A HREF="023851.html">[suggest] Re: Devel::NYTProf
</A><A NAME="23851">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Weisenborn
</I>

<LI><A HREF="023852.html">[suggest] Re: Perl module request due to latest DBIx::Class	release
</A><A NAME="23852">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Christoph Maser
</I>

<LI><A HREF="023853.html">[suggest] Re: Perl module request due to latest DBIx::Class	release
</A><A NAME="23853">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Christoph Maser
</I>

<LI><A HREF="023854.html">[suggest] mpd missing client side application.
</A><A NAME="23854">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Jason
</I>

<LI><A HREF="023855.html">[suggest] Possible bug in latest perl-DBD-SQLite package
</A><A NAME="23855">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kai Schaetzl
</I>

<LI><A HREF="023856.html">[suggest] Re: suggest Digest, Vol 47, Issue 24
</A><A NAME="23856">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nico Kadel-Garcia
</I>

    </ul>
    <p>
      <a name="end"><b>Last message date:</b></a> 
       <i>Sun May 31 15:02:14 CEST 2009</i><br>
    <b>Archived on:</b> <i>Sun Nov 25 13:27:17 CET 2012</i>
    <p>
   <ul>
         <li> <b>Messages sorted by:</b>
	        <a href="thread.html#start">[ thread ]</a>
		<a href="subject.html#start">[ subject ]</a>
		<a href="author.html#start">[ author ]</a>
		
	     <li><b><a href="http://lists.repoforge.org/mailman/listinfo/users">More info on this list...
                    </a></b></li>
     </ul>
     <p>
     <hr>
     <i>This archive was generated by
     Pipermail 0.09 (Mailman edition).</i>
  </BODY>
</HTML>

